FF140 escaping `<` and `>` to `&lt;` and `&gt;` in attributes when serializing HTML (#39639)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/gethtml/index.md

Without arguments, child nodes that are shadow roots are not serialized, and this method behaves in the same way as reading the value of {{domxref("Element.innerHTML")}}.

> Note that some browsers serialize `<` and `>` in attributes as `&lt;` and `&gt;` in the returned HTML (see [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility)).
> This prevents certain exploits where code becomes executable when serialized and then deserialized into HTML.
> 

Reviewer: I think this could be clearer. There are some some details, like we should say "attribute values" not just "attributes", and AFAIK we usually say "parsed", not "deserialized", when we're talking about turning a string of HTML into DOM objects.

But regarding the exploit, there are a couple of things we might want to mention here:

(1) what is the exploit trying to accomplish
(2) how the exploit accomplishes it

For (1), AIUI we could say something like "bypass a sanitizer" and we could link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS#sanitization to explain what sanitization means here.

For (2), what's written here is a bit vague tbh and from it, I would not be able to understand what's happening. For that, we'd need to link to something like https://research.securitum.com/dompurify-bypass-using-mxss/, which does explain it (although it's hard going). But I'm not sure it's worth it - I think it is OK to omit the "how".

So all that said, I'd suggest something like:

```suggestion
Note that some browsers serialize the `<` and `>` characters as `&lt;` and `&gt;` when they appear in attribute values (see [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility)). This is to prevent a potential security vulnerability in which an attacker can craft input that bypasses a [sanitization function](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS#sanitization), enabling a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack.
```

Reviewer: Yes, I think this is fine. I like linking to the blog post if we're going to mention mutation XSS, so people have somewhere to find out what it is.
